The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
Two seats were vacant.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
I currently have 4 windows open up... and I don’t know why.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
She did her best to help him.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
Entities should not be multiplied unnecessarily.
The life of man (in a state of nature) is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.
I think therefore I am.
He who thinks great thoughts, often makes great errors.
We live in the best of all possible worlds.
What is rational is actual and what is actual is rational.
God is dead! He remains dead! And we have killed him.
There is but one truly serious philosophical problem, and that is suicide.
One cannot step twice in the same river.
The greatest happiness of the greatest number is the foundation of morals and legislation.
To be is to be perceived.
Happiness is not an ideal of reason but of imagination.
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
God is not willing to do everything, and thus take away our free will and that share of glory which belongs to us.
Liberty consists in doing what one desires.
It is undesirable to believe a proposition when there is no ground whatever for supposing it true.
Even while they teach, men learn.
There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance.
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent Him.
This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher must learn not to be frightened by absurdities.
One cannot conceive anything so strange and so implausible that it has not already been said by one philosopher or another.
Leisure is the mother of philosophy.
Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language.
There is only one thing a philosopher can be relied upon to do, and that is to contradict other philosophers.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Only one man ever understood me, and he didn’t understand me.
The mind is furnished with ideas by experience alone.
Life must be understood backward. But it must be lived forward.
Science is what you know. Philosophy is what you don't know.
Metaphysics is a dark ocean without shores or lighthouse, strewn with many a philosophic wreck.
Philosophy is at once the most sublime and the most trivial of human pursuits.
History is Philosophy teaching by examples.
He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god.
You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation.
Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly.
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.
Is man merely a mistake of God's? Or God merely a mistake of man's?
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
Religion is the sign of the oppressed ... it is the opium of the people.
Happiness is the highest good.
If men were born free, they would, so long as they remained free, form no conception of good and evil.
The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it.
Whatever is reasonable is true, and whatever is true is reasonable.
Morality is not the doctrine of how we may make ourselves happy, but of how we may make ourselves worthy of happiness.
Man is condemned to be free.
It is one thing to show a man that he is in error, and another to put him in possession of truth.
I don’t know why we are here, but I’m pretty sure it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.
That man is wisest who, like Socrates, realizes that his wisdom is worthless.
The only thing I know is that I know nothing.
All is for the best in the best of all possible worlds.
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
Man is born free, but is everywhere in chains.
Man will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest.
If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things.
Happiness lies in virtuous activity, and perfect happiness lies in the best activity, which is contemplative.
I can control my passions and emotions if I can understand their nature.
Philosophers have hitherto only interpreted the world in various ways; the point, however, is to change it.
It is wrong always, everywhere and for everyone, to believe anything upon insufficient evidence.
Virtue is nothing else than right reason.
Freedom is secured not by the fulfilling of one's desires, but by the removal of desire.
In everything, there is a share of everything.
A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism; but depth in philosophy bringeth men’s minds about to religion.
The brave man is he who overcomes not only his enemies but his pleasures.
Good and evil, reward and punishment, are the only motives to a rational creature.
To do as one would be done by, and to love one's neighbor as oneself, constitute the ideal perfection of utilitarian morality.
Everything that exists is born for no reason, carries on living through weakness, and dies by accident.
Man is the measure of all things.
We are too weak to discover the truth by reason alone.
The mind is furnished with ideas by experience alone.
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.
Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being.
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans.
We become what we think about.
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it.  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it.
The best revenge is massive success.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
If you hear a voice within you say “you cannot paint,” then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.  Live the life you have imagined.
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me.
Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.
